Again, that shim seems to be a little bit
to low. But we have not yet adjusted the height
of the saddle. It may be perfectly okay, once
we determine whether it's in the range of
the saddle adjustment height. So in this particular
case, this particular kind of saddle, a Wilkonson
style saddle, has a locking mechanism, to
lock it vertically this way, and also locks
it in place horizontally, for the internation,
so we want to loosen that lock with a correct
allen wrench. And then lets bring up the saddle
height, and find the correct allen wrench,
for the saddle adjustments, this one looks
like it's about right. Let?s see if this is
enough to make a difference, and whether it's
within the saddle heights adjustment range.
Now if you can see this up close, you can
see that this is a screw that fits under the
saddle and helps force it up, you see it coming
up now. I want to make sure this is good and
loose enough so it doesn't interfere with
our adjustment gear. It's getting there, we
may be close enough, when we make this final,
these adjustments on the saddle height to
have the next set correctly.
It may have to go up higher. This one seems
to be locking it from going up high enough.
I think that this may get us there, may be
high enough.
It's free sounding, that's a good sign. I
think that, that worked. Now you can see,
it's free to fret, and the action at this
end is much, much, much closer to the same
height at this end, so that's the processes.
So I'll go ahead and put the rest of the strings
on here and make the final adjustments on
the heights of the saddle this way in order
to get it all set, and we should be ready
to go to the next step.